add PUM commands for datamodel update (#102)
QGEP/docs: en/admin-guide/db-update-pum/index.rst

Update of the datamodel
=======================

The releases of the datamodel are available `here <https://github.com/QGEP/datamodel/releases/>`_. 
When a new datamodel is released, a QGEP database can be updated with `PUM <https://github.com/opengisch/pum>`_.

> In this documentation, the main steps and requirements are reproduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, the main steps and requirements are described.
```

Requirements
------------

Client
^^^^^^

> The database can be hosted on a windows environment but PUM must be launched from a linux environment (ie virtual machine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database can be hosted on a windows environment but PUM must be launched from a linux environment (e.g. virtual machine).
```

PostgreSQL
^^^^^^^^^^
The functions ``pg_dump``, ``pg_restore`` must be available from the terminal, they are installed along with PostgreSQL. **The version of the client postgresql and the server postgresql must match.**

If several ``pg_dump`` and ``pg_restore`` are installed on the client, PUM has to use the proper version.
You can either:

* Set the default ``pg_dump`` and ``pg_restore`` with ``sudo ln -s /usr/lib/postgresql/XX/bin/pg_dump /usr/bin/pg_dump --force``

* Make use of the `PUM config file <https://github.com/opengisch/pum#config-file>`_.

Python
^^^^^^
The default python must be python 3.

PUM installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
``pip3 install pum``

To update PUM

> ``sudo -H pip3 install --upgrade pum``

Reviewer: I would make the usage of ``sudo`` consistent.

Proposal: instead of listing ``sudo`` directly in here add a note that ``sudo`` can be used to install it system wide or the ``--user`` flag can be used to install it into the current user's home directory instead of the system.

Pirogue installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
``pip3 install pirogue``

To update pirogue

``sudo -H pip3 install --upgrade pirogue``

Database update
---------------
For the following commands the database is connected with the service ``qgep_prod``.

PostgreSQL service
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The parameters to connect to the databases are provided in a service file (for instance the file ``~/.pg_service.conf``.)

There are at least three services inside:
* ``qgep_prod`` database to be updated
* ``qgep_test`` database which will store a test of the update
* ``qgep_comp`` current model, after the update the ``qgep_prod`` and ``qgep_comp`` models should be similar.

Database backup
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
It is recommended to backup the database before the update. In command line:

``pg_dump -Fc -f /path/to/dump/qgep_prod.dump -d "service=qgep_prod"``

Download and install current database release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Download current database.

``git clone https://github.com/QGEP/datamodel.git``

* Create current database. It is used for comparison (target).

> ``psql -U postgres -c 'CREATE DATABASE qgep_comp;'``

Reviewer: Should this include the hostname? Concluding from the first paragraph (db on windows, pg cli tools on linux) this could be made explicit.
